# Inspiration for this project
This whole project, repository, and practical engineering series would not have been created if it were not for Professor Harban S. Dhadwal from SBU. Circuit Analysis class was an UNREASONABLY DIFFICULT class, and I wanted to make any future students that will be studying the class feel LESS INTIMIDATED and maybe even EXCITED to study electrical engineering.

I ended up getting a really bad grade in the course: (C), and thus the class dealt a massive blow to my GPA. Regardless, during the summer, right after the end of the semester, I decided to sit down and re-learn everything that I should have learned in that class that I had unfortunately missed or failed to understand. I must also say, that I most definitely unfairly criticized my professor because I found him unfair and maybe even a little bit mean, due to the way he taught. However, after making my practical engineering series and even starting to develop this library, I have a newfound respect for him, as I recognize that understanding, and even TEACHING such a daunting subject as Electrical Engineering is no easy feat. Are there things that I would have changed in the class to help effectively teach more students? Absolutely. Am I saying that I could have done better? Absolutely not. He did his best, even if it wasn't great. This practical engineering series, is merely a potentially botched attempt at teaching such a difficult topic. Will I succeed in teaching students with my videos, library, or other creations? Or will all of this fail, crash, and burn? Only time will tell.